Capmo Ticket Master - Frontend
==============================

This project serves as the frontend for the Capmo Ticket Master system, providing a dynamic and user-friendly interface for interacting with the Capmo ticketing system. Built with React, this frontend application works in tandem with its Python-based backend counterpart to deliver a comprehensive overview and management tool for tickets within the Capmo platform. Users can effortlessly track, manage, and visualize ticket data through an intuitive interface designed to streamline operations and enhance the ticket handling process.

Please note that this project is currently in a beta state. It is intended for use only within a local, closed network environment and should not be made available to the external internet. This measure is to ensure the security and integrity of your data during the beta phase of development.

Getting Started
---------------

### Prerequisites

-   Node.js 14+
-   npm (Node Package Manager)

### Installation

**1. Clone the repository**


```
git clone https://github.com/pburkhalter/CTM-Frontend.git
cd CTM-Frontend
```

**2. Install dependencies**


```
npm install
```

**3. Configure the application**

Inside `appConfig.js`, change the routes that point to the backend to suit your needs. By default, we point to `tickets.local` as the backend.
```
const prodConfig = {
    authUrl: 'http://tickets.local:8080/auth',
    apiUrl: 'http://tickets.local:8080/api',
    release: 'PROD'
};
```

This will set up the frontend application to communicate with the backend server.

Running the Application
-----------------------

To start the frontend application in development mode, run:

```
npm start
```

This command will start a development server and open the application in your default web browser. The application will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.

Building for Production
-----------------------

To build the application for production, run:


```
npm run build
```

This command will bundle the React application in production mode and optimize the build for the best performance. The build artifacts will be stored in the `build` directory.

Deploying the Application
-------------------------

For deploying the frontend application, you can serve the static files generated by the `npm run build` command using a web server like Nginx or Apache.

### Example Nginx Configuration

1.  Install Nginx on your server.

2.  Configure Nginx to serve your React application. Create a new configuration file in `/etc/nginx/sites-available/` and link it to `/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/`.

    ```
    server {
    listen 80;
    server_name your_domain.com;

        location / {
            root /path/to/your/build/folder;
            try_files $uri /index.html;
        }
    }
    ```

3.  Restart Nginx to apply the changes.

    ```
    sudo systemctl restart nginx
    ```

Managing the Application
------------------------

For development, you can use React's built-in scripts to start, build, and test the application. For production, ensure your web server is properly configured and that your environment variables are set up correctly for backend communication.

Contribution
------------

To contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1.  Fork the repository.
2.  Create a new branch for your feature (`git checkout -b feature/YourFeature`).
3.  Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some YourFeature'`).
4.  Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/YourFeature`).
5.  Open a pull request.

License
-------

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.